Add classic project (#240)
plone/cookieplone-templates: templates/projects/classic/README.md

| `hostname`            | Hostname where the project will be deployed.                                                                                                         | `site.plone.org`            |
| `author`              | This is you! The value goes into places like ``LICENSE``, ``setup.py`` and such.                                                                     | `Our Company`               |
| `email`               | The email address you want to identify yourself in the project.                                                                                      | `email@example.com`         |
| `use_prerelease_versions`  | Use non-stable versions of Plone, (The default value could also be set via `USE_PRERELEASE` environment variable.                                   | `Yes`                       |
| `plone_version`       | Plone version to be used. This queries for the latest available Plone 6 version and presents it to you as the default value.                         | `6.0.0`                     |

> | `python_package_name` | Name of the Python package used to configure your project. It needs to be Python-importable, so no dashes, spaces or special characters are allowed. | `plone_site`                |

Reviewer: Please check this statement for accuracy. It's more explicit to say what is valid, instead of what is not valid.

```suggestion
| `python_package_name` | Name of the importable Python package used to configure your project. A valid name consists only of ASCII letters and numbers, period, and underscore. It must start with a letter, and end with a letter or number. | `plone_site`                |
```

| `container_registry`  | Container registry to be used.                                                                                                                       | `github`                    |
| `devops_storage`      | Storage backend to be used in the deployment stack.                                                                                                  | `relstorage`                |
| `devops_ansible`      | Should we create an Ansible playbook to bootstrap and deploy this project?                                                                           | `Yes`                       |
| `devops_gha_deploy`   | Should we create a GitHub action to deploy this project?                                                                                             | `Yes`                       |

## Dive into your project's structure 🏗️

Your generated project will have a well-organized structure, ensuring that both development and maintenance are a breeze.
It includes separate sections for backend and devops, each tailored for its specific role.

> (Include the Structure and Reasoning section from the previous README.md here, as it provides a good overview of the project structure)

Reviewer: This needs to be included.
